fix: make consistent recommendations about filters (#19551)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/pages/guides/auth/managing-user-data.mdx

</TabPanel>
</Tabs>

<Admonition type="tip">

> Security is handled at the database level by the RLS policy, so you don't _need_ a filter on `id` to protect user data. Depending on your table size and query, you might still want to add a filter for performance. Postgres can use the filter to construct a more efficient query.

Author: ```suggestion
Security is handled at the database level by the RLS policy. The policy restricts the returned rows, so you don't _need_ a filter on `id`. Depending on your table size and query, you might still want to add a filter for performance. Postgres can use the filter to construct a more efficient query.
```
